Do you think you have passed this level of the Sword Demon Mirror?
You can participate in the competition to recruit relatives
But who?
You can marry our Miss Xiao at will
A blind man or a stinky price to be infatuated with joy
Your servants of the Xiao family really have no rules.
Even if forced away
Guiyin really puts gold on his face
Where are you kneeling?
Is kneeling on a pair of blind eyes
Or is it your identity as a descendant driver?
Where do I kneel?
How can someone like you have a problem?
Bold dog thing, I think you've lived enough
Our Xiao family will be a top-class family of three generations next week
What status do you dare to offend us?
I am your Miss Xiao who personally invited me here
If you block the Hengjia here, you will not be afraid of the Xiao family taking you
Miss Jiao, what is your identity?
Our Miss Xiao will not look at you more
Look at everyone here today
Which one is not a celebrity in the Five Realms?
He is blind hahaha
I'm going to ask you again.
Am I eligible to attend the meeting?
This Liu Jinhan
I can't see it.
But I can imagine
What should be on your face at this moment?
interesting
I have no eyes
No offense, please come in.
out of the way
I didn't expect this trash to come in.
Go give him some color, yeah